[Doc] New section regarding Intel projects workflow (#1485)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: docs/user_guide/build_intel_boot_image.rst

illustrate how to build the different files involved in the process. Each
project has its own characteristics (some files may differ from one project to
the other).

.. note::

   Each project has its own Linux Kernel Image & Devicetree which needs to be
   built. Follow these instructions to write the file to your SD card, depending
   on the operating system that you use (Windows or Linux):

   -  :dokuwiki:`[Wiki] Building the Intel SoC-FPGA kernel and devicetrees from source <resources/tools-software/linux-build/generic/socfpga>`
   -  :dokuwiki:`[Wiki] Linux Download and setting up the image <resources/tools-software/linux-software/zynq_images/linux_hosts>`
   -  :dokuwiki:`[Wiki] Formatting and Flashing SD Cards using Windows <resources/tools-software/linux-software/zynq_images/windows_hosts>`

Proceed by cloning the repository, setting the environment to an ARM architecture
cross compiler, build the configuration file, build the Kernel image, and
lastly build the device tree (specific to each combination of carrier and eval
board).

You may notice that in the ``export CROSS_COMPILE`` examples there is a

> "trailing" dash ``-``, and the reason for this is because an export:
> 
> .. shell::
> 
>    $export CROSS_COMPILE=/path/to/arm-linux-gnueabihf-
> 
> Within the Makefiles, this path becomes /path/to/arm-linux-gnueabihf-gcc
> (with ``gcc`` added at the end).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"trailing" dash ``-``. That is because within the Makefiles, this path becomes
/path/to/arm-linux-gnueabihf-gcc (with ``gcc`` appended).

.. shell::

   $export CROSS_COMPILE=/path/to/arm-linux-gnueabihf-

```

-  HDL Project: :git-hdl:`projects/adrv9371x/a10soc`
-  ADI's Linux kernel: :git-linux:`here <>`

Building the Linux Kernel image and the Devicetree
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

**Linux/Cygwin/WSL**

.. shell::

   $git clone https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/linux.git
   $cd linux/
   # Set architecture and compiler
   $export ARCH=arm
   $export CROSS_COMPILE=/path/to/arm-linux-gnueabihf-
   # Apply kconfig settings
   $make socfpga_adi_defconfig
   # Build the kernel
   $make zImage
   # Build the devicetree
   $make socfpga_arria10_socdk_adrv9371.dtb

Building the Hardware Design
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

Clone the HDL repository, then build the project:

.. shell::

   $git clone https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/hdl.git
   $cd hdl/projects/adrv9371x/a10soc
   $make

After the design is built, the resulting SRAM Object File (.sof) file shall be
converted to a Raw Binary File (.rbf).

If you skipped the last section, make sure to set the architecture and cross
compiler environment variables.

.. caution::

>    Pay attention to directoy changes to where the commands are run from,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Pay attention to directory changes to where the commands are run from,
```

   $make socfpga_cyclone5_defconfig
   $make

Make u-boot.scr file - this file shall be copied to /BOOT partition of the SD Card:

.. shell::
   :no-path:

   $cd ~/hdl/projects/arradio/c5soc/software/bootloader/u-boot-socfpga ; pwd
    ~/hdl/projects/arradio/c5soc/software/bootloader/u-boot-socfpga
   $echo "load mmc 0:1 \${loadaddr} soc_system.rbf;" > u-boot.txt
   $echo "fpga load 0 \${loadaddr} \$filesize;" >> u-boot.txt
   $./tools/mkimage -A arm -O linux -T script -C none -a 0 -e 0 -n "Cyclone V script" -d u-boot.txt u-boot.scr

Last but not least, create the extlinux.conf linux configuration file. This
extlinux folder shall be copied to /BOOT partition of the SD Card:

.. shell::
   :no-path:

   $cd ~/hdl/projects/arradio/c5soc/software/bootloader/u-boot-socfpga ; pwd
    ~/hdl/projects/arradio/c5soc/software/bootloader/u-boot-socfpga
   $mkdir extlinux
   $printf "\
   $LABEL Linux C5 SoC Default\n\
   $KERNEL ../zImage\n\
   $    FDT ../socfpga.dtb\n\
   $    APPEND root=/dev/mmcblk0p2 rw rootwait earlyprintk console=ttyS0,115200n8" \
   $    > extlinux/extlinux.conf

Jumper setup
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

> Here is the jumper configuration for ARRADIO/C5SoCto to boot the image from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the jumper configuration for ARRADIO/C5SoC to boot the image from the
```

> Here is the jumper configuration for ARRADIO/C5SoCto to boot the image from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the jumper configuration for ARRADIO/C5SoC to boot the image from the
```

   $    bs=$(sudo blockdev --getsize64 /dev/sdz3) count=1
    1+0 records in
    1+0 records out
    8388608 bytes (8.4 MB, 8.0 MiB) copied, 0.359183 s, 23.4 MB/s
   $sudo dd if=./u-boot-with-spl.sfp of=/dev/sdz3
    1697+1 records in
    1697+1 records out
    868996 bytes (869 kB, 849 KiB) copied, 0.21262 s, 4.1 MB/s

.. _build_intel_boot_image de10nano:

CN0540/DE10Nano
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  HDL Project: :git-hdl:`here <projects/cn0540/de10nano>`
-  ADI's Linux kernel: :git-linux:`here <>`

Building the Linux Kernel image and the Devicetree
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

**Linux/Cygwin/WSL**

.. shell::

   $git clone https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/linux.git
   $cd linux/
   # Set architecture and compiler
   $export ARCH=arm
   $export CROSS_COMPILE=/path/to/arm-linux-gnueabihf-
   # Apply kconfig settings
   $make socfpga_adi_defconfig
   # Build the kernel
   $make zImage
   # Build the devicetree
   $make socfpga_cyclone5_de10_nano_cn0540.dtb

Building the Hardware Design
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

> Clone the HDL repository if it does not exist yet in local directory. Then build

Reviewer: Same

the project:

.. shell::

   $git clone https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/hdl.git
   $cd hdl/projects/cn0540/de10nano
   $make

> After the design was built, the resulted SRAM Object File (.sof) file shall be

Reviewer: Same

converted to a Raw Binary File (.rbf).

If you skipped the last section, ensure to set the architecture and cross
compiler environment variables.

.. caution::

   Pay attention to directory changes to where the commands are run from,
   and always confirm with ``pwd`` to show the current path at you terminal.

.. shell::
   :no-path:

   $cd ~/hdl/projects/cn0540/de10nano ; pwd
    ~/hdl/projects/cn0540/de10nano
   $quartus_cpf -c -o bitstream_compression=on \
   $    ./cn0540_de10nano.sof soc_system.rbf

Building the Preloader and Bootloader Image
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

> This flow applies starting with release 2021_R1 / Quartus Pro version 20.1.

Reviewer: Same

   $make

Make u-boot.scr file - this file shall be copied to /BOOT partition of the SD Card:

.. shell::
   :no-path:

   $cd ~/hdl/projects/arradio/c5soc/software/bootloader/u-boot-socfpga ; pwd
    ~/hdl/projects/arradio/c5soc/software/bootloader/u-boot-socfpga
   $echo "load mmc 0:1 \${loadaddr} soc_system.rbf;" > u-boot.txt
   $echo "fpga load 0 \${loadaddr} \$filesize;" >> u-boot.txt
   $./tools/mkimage -A arm -O linux -T script -C none -a 0 -e 0 -n "Cyclone V script" -d u-boot.txt u-boot.scr

Last but not least, create the extlinux.conf linux configuration file. This
extlinux folder shall be copied to /BOOT partition of the SD Card:

.. shell::
   :no-path:

   $cd ~/hdl/projects/cn0540/de10nano/software/bootloader/u-boot-socfpga ; pwd
    ~/hdl/projects/cn0540/de10nano/software/bootloader/u-boot-socfpga
   $mkdir extlinux
   $printf "\
   $LABEL Linux DE10Nano Default\n\
   $KERNEL ../zImage\n\
   $    FDT ../socfpga.dtb\n\
   $    APPEND root=/dev/mmcblk0p2 rw rootwait earlyprintk console=ttyS0,115200n8" \
   $    > extlinux/extlinux.conf

Configuring the SD Card
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

> Below is the commands to create the preloader and bootloader partition using

Reviewer: Same
